	The Project “RedRunner” uses the 2018.3.5f1 version of Unity. It is an endless game. It looks like a mobile game found on the app/google play store. It is built using some advanced scripts for the animations. Everything is done exceptionally well, like the animation for the different effects of dying and the load screen. As well as the animation of clicking changing to indicate you are clicking the mouse button.

	The game also uses a lot of randomization for the tracks. Every time one dies in this game the track completely resets and makes a new one. There are background images that are presented in this random order as well, but somehow it all works perfectly. There are animations and blur affected in the main menu which show that the game is not being played yet and this is very user-friendly because everything feels so easy to do for the player.

	The game uses prefabs for many things such as collectibles like: coins and chests. It also uses them for blocks, enemies, particles created from anything, as well as background. It adds animations to the character depending on the task being done. It even has a save game script to make sure the user does not lose progress. The character scripts include a rigidbody and 2d colliders. 

	I noticed the character's speed is also a major function in this game. At a slow speed, some jumps are not possible but the script given to the character takes a while to achieve max speed. Max speed is needed to complete some jumps, and I think its nice of the creator to add a little bit of hardness into the game by adding this function to the speed, rather than making it constant.

- Darren Ravichandra